Mom, that's not what you said
I'm not getting married.
Don't blame me for being willful
You married the Qin family as a slave girl
That's the blessing you've cultivated in eight lifetimes
Sister, don't hesitate.
If you hesitate, the fool will be beaten to death
Kill you
Let me eat.
Haha, you get married obediently.
As long as you serve Young Master Qin to me
When I get 5 million dowry
My first time
Send that fool to the best Hu Yili
Guaranteed to keep him safe for the rest of his life
Otherwise they'll kill the fool
Go home
Go away Haoran
Nothing.
Otherwise, I'm not sure.
Sorry.
I'm fine, wife, it doesn't hurt when you touch it.
This is the only bride price you gave me in the first place
I am not your wife today
I'll give it back to you.
From now on, you must protect yourself no matter where you are
Remember?
Wife, wife, where are you going?
Wife, don't go
Let go of my wife and come back
Let go of me!
5 million not enough flowers